v9.0.0 CHANGELOG (#46)
bpmn-io/moddle-xml: CHANGELOG.md

___Note:__ Yet to be released changes appear here._

## 9.0.0

> 
> ### Breaking Changes
> 
> * `FEAT`: reader.fromXML API now returns a Promise and callbacks are no longer supported. Refer to the [documentation](https://github.com/bpmn-io/moddle-xml#read-xml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `FEAT`: promisify `Reader#fromXML`

### Breaking Changes

* `Reader#fromXML` API now returns a Promise. Support for callbacks is dropped. Refer to the [documentation](https://github.com/bpmn-io/moddle-xml#read-xml) for updated usage information.
```
